Fix tab direction change crash (#4248)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Bugfix: Fixed message input showing as red after removing a message that was more than 500 characters. (#4204)
- Bugfix: Fixed unnecessary saving of windows layout. (#4201)
- Bugfix: Fixed Reply window missing selection clear behaviour between chat and input box. (#4218)

> - Bugfix: Fixed crash occuring at tabs direction change. (#4248)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bugfix: Fixed crash that could occur when changing Tab layout and utilizing multiple windows. (#4248)
```
